update changes (#744)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/reference/changes.rst

:cylc:conf:`[runtime][<namespace>]completion` configuration.

Workflow State Triggers & Commands
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Workflow state xtriggers and command now take Cylc universal IDs instead of
separate arguments:

For example, you can (and should) now write:

.. code-block:: diff

>    - cylc workflow-state my-workflow --point 20240101 --task mytask --trigger file_created

Reviewer: This command doesn't appear to work at 8.2.x

Reviewer: Did you mean `--message`.

Reviewer: The change between message (<=8.2) and trigger (>=8.3) needs highlighting.

:cylc:conf:`[runtime][<namespace>]completion` configuration.

Workflow State Triggers & Commands
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Workflow state xtriggers and command now take Cylc universal IDs instead of
separate arguments:

For example, you can (and should) now write:

.. code-block:: diff

   # On the command line
   - cylc workflow-state my-workflow --point 20240101 --task mytask --message "succeeded"
   + cylc workflow-state my-workflow//20240101/mytask:succeeded

   # In the flow.cylc file
   - my_xtrigger = workflow_state(
   -     workflow="my-workflow",
   -     task="mytask",
   -     point="20240101",
   -     message="succeeded"
   - )
   + my_xtrigger = workflow_state('my-workflow//20240101/mytask:succeeded')

.. important::

   The new workflow state triggers use the trigger rather than the message

>    where ``[runtime][task][outputs]trigger = "message"``.

Reviewer: As a user I don't understand how this might impact me, could do with clarification.

(also attempted to link into the outputs config, untested)

```suggestion
   where :cylc:conf:`[runtime][task][outputs]trigger=message`.
   
   The trigger and message are the same for the most common use cases (`succeeded` and `started`)
   but may differ for other outputs, namely :term:`custom outputs <custom output>`.
```

:cylc:conf:`[runtime][<namespace>]completion` configuration.

Workflow State Triggers & Commands
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Workflow state xtriggers and command now take Cylc universal IDs instead of
separate arguments:

For example, you can (and should) now write:

.. code-block:: diff

   # On the command line

>    - cylc workflow-state my-workflow --point 20240101 --task mytask --message "succeeded"
>    + cylc workflow-state my-workflow//20240101/mytask:succeeded

Reviewer 2: Technically this should be either:
```suggestion
   - cylc workflow-state my-workflow --point 20240101 --task mytask --status "succeeded"
   + cylc workflow-state my-workflow//20240101/mytask:succeeded
```
or
```suggestion
   - cylc workflow-state my-workflow --point 20240101 --task mytask --message "succeeded"
   + cylc workflow-state my-workflow//20240101/mytask:succeeded --triggers
```

Reviewer: succeeded is a message, trigger and status, so I think it's ok.

Author: The aim here is to illustrate the change from using messages to using triggers.

The second one mismatches with `cylc workflow-state --help`:

>   --triggers            Task selector should match output triggers rather than
                        status. (Note this is not needed for custom outputs).

   # In the flow.cylc file
   - my_xtrigger = workflow_state(
   -     workflow="my-workflow",
   -     task="mytask",
   -     point="20240101",

>    -     message="succeeded"
>    - )
>    + my_xtrigger = workflow_state('my-workflow//20240101/mytask:succeeded')

Reviewer 2: Technically this should be either:
```suggestion
   -     status="succeeded"
   - )
   + my_xtrigger = workflow_state('my-workflow//20240101/mytask:succeeded')
```
or
```suggestion
   -     message="succeeded"
   - )
   + my_xtrigger = workflow_state('my-workflow//20240101/mytask:succeeded', is_trigger=True)
```

Reviewer: succeeded is a message, trigger and status

Author: Same as the other comment.

.. important::

>    The new workflow state triggers use the trigger either trigger or message in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The new workflow state triggers use either the trigger or message in
```

>    where ``trigger=message`` in :cylc:conf:`[runtime][<namespace>][outputs]`.

Reviewer 2: They can match either the trigger or the message (unless querying a workflow running in a prior version of Cylc 8, which only has the messages in the DB)

Reviewer: Gottit, I had expected this to work differently.

Author: ```suggestion
   The new workflow state triggers use the trigger either trigger or message in
   ``trigger=message`` in :cylc:conf:`[runtime][<namespace>][outputs]`.
```

>    The new workflow state triggers use the trigger rather than the message
>    where :cylc:conf:`[runtime][task][outputs]trigger=message`.
>    
>    The trigger and message are the same for the most common use cases (`succeeded` and `started`)
>    but may differ for other outputs, namely :term:`custom outputs <custom output>`.

Reviewer: sry

```suggestion
   The new workflow state triggers use the trigger rather than the message
   where :cylc:conf:`[runtime][<namespace>][outputs]trigger=message`.
   
   The trigger and message are the same for the most common use cases (``succeeded`` and ``started``)
   but may differ for other outputs, namely :term:`custom outputs <custom output>`.
```

Author: No Worries

.. code-block:: diff

   # On the command line
   - cylc workflow-state my-workflow --point 20240101 --task mytask --message "file 400 has been created"

>    + cylc workflow-state my-workflow//20240101/mytask:file_created

Reviewer: We haven't explained the difference between the message/trigger here, or given them enough information to know that both relate to the same output.

Suggest sticking with `succeeded` for this example (because we know that is the most common use case), then explaining the message -> trigger change after.

.. important::

   At Cylc 8.2 ``workflow-state`` took the ``--message`` argument.
   This is deprecated in favour of specifying a ``ID:output``.

   Specifying the output is safer because the same message may

>    trigger multiple outputs.

Reviewer: I think this was my misunderstanding and not actually true.
